README.md, before:

Drupal 7 Compatible
====================

A base theme that restores Drupal-7-style makrup. 

This theme is intended to make it possible to run your Drupal 7 theme on a 
Backdrop website without needing to update all your CSS selectors.

Some changes will still be necessary, but rewriting all the CSS from your Drupal
theme should not be part of your todo list.

Specific changes are noted below.

Page template changes:
- Add back unique classes for each page (`page--node-1234`)
- Add back legacy `front` and `not-front` classes.

Node template changes:
- Restore the legacy node ID as the css ID.
- Restore the legacy `node-teaser` class.
- Add more template suggestions based on view mode.

Block template changes:
- Restore legacy `block-title` class.
- Restore legacy block ID.
- Add the `navigation` ID to the main menu block in the header (if it is 
  configured to dispay the top menu only).


Installation
------------

- Install this theme using the official Backdrop CMS instructions at
  https://docs.backdropcms.org/documentation/skin-with-themes.

- Add your Drupal 7 theme to your Backdrop site.

- Make the following cahnges to the info file of your Drupal 7 theme:
  1) add `base theme = d7compatible`
  1) add `backdrop = 1.x`
  1) add `type = theme`

- Make the following cahnges to the templates of your Drupal 7 theme:
  1) Remove your old `page.tpl.php` file 
    (or rename it to `layout--mytheme.tpl.php` -- you will need it later to 
     create a Layout Template)


<!-- Documentation
-------------

Link to the repository's wiki if more documentation can be found there. Remove
this section if not needed (and consider disabling the wiki in the repo settings
if not used).

Additional documentation is located in the Wiki:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/d7compatible/wiki/Documentation.
-->


Issues
------

Bugs and Feature Requests should be reported in the Issue Queue:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/d7compatible/issues.


Current Maintainers
-------------------

- [Jen Lampton](https://github.com/jenlampton)
- Seeking additional maintainers


Credits
-------

- Originally written for Backdrop CMS by [Jen Lampton](https://github.com/jenlampton).
- Sponsored by [Strategic Content](https://strategiccontent.com).
- Sponsored by [David Bollier](http://www.wealthofthecommons.org).


License
-------

This project is GPL v2 software.
See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for complete text.

Commit message:

Update documentation to match recent changes.

README.md, after:

Drupal 7 Compatible
====================

A base theme that restores Drupal-7-style makrup. 

This theme makes it possible to run a Drupal 7 theme on a Backdrop website
without needing to switch all the CSS selectors from IDs to classes.

Some changes may still be necessary, but this should make the task of getting a
Drupal 7 theme to work on  Backdrop site much easier.

Specific changes are noted below.

Page template changes:
- Add back unique classes for each page (`page--node-1234`)
- Add back legacy `front` and `not-front` classes.

Node template changes:
- Restore the legacy node ID as the css ID.
- Restore the legacy `node-teaser` class.
- Add more template suggestions based on view mode.
- Convert `classes` back to a string.
- Convert `attributes` back to a string.
- Convert `content_attributes` back to a string.

Block template changes:
- Restore legacy `block-title` class.
- Restore legacy block ID.
- Add the `navigation` ID to the main menu block in the header (if it is 
  configured to dispay the top menu only).
- Convert `classes` back to a string.
- Convert `attributes` back to a string.
- Convert `title_attributes` back to a string.
- Convert `content_attributes` back to a string.

Field template changes:
- Convert `classes` back to a string.
- Convert `attributes` back to a string.
- Convert `title_attributes` back to a string.
- Convert `content_attributes` back to a string.


Installation
------------

- Install this theme using the official Backdrop CMS instructions at
  https://docs.backdropcms.org/documentation/skin-with-themes.

- Add your Drupal 7 theme to your Backdrop site.

- Make the following cahnges to the info file of your Drupal 7 theme:
  1) add `base theme = d7compatible`
  1) add `backdrop = 1.x`
  1) add `type = theme`

- Make the following cahnges to the templates of your Drupal 7 theme:
  1) Remove your old `page.tpl.php` file 
    (or rename it to `layout--mytheme.tpl.php` -- you will need it later to 
     create a Layout Template)


<!-- Documentation
-------------

Link to the repository's wiki if more documentation can be found there. Remove
this section if not needed (and consider disabling the wiki in the repo settings
if not used).

Additional documentation is located in the Wiki:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/d7compatible/wiki/Documentation.
-->


Issues
------

Bugs and Feature Requests should be reported in the Issue Queue:
https://github.com/backdrop-contrib/d7compatible/issues.


Current Maintainers
-------------------

- [Jen Lampton](https://github.com/jenlampton)
- Seeking additional maintainers


Credits
-------

- Originally written for Backdrop CMS by [Jen Lampton](https://github.com/jenlampton).
- Sponsored by [Strategic Content](https://strategiccontent.com).
- Sponsored by [David Bollier](http://www.wealthofthecommons.org).


License
-------

This project is GPL v2 software.
See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for complete text.
